I want some new updates in the app. 


1. The SRS tab is working fine now. But I want a new feature in SRS tab and homepage tab. As you know I have the story database linked but it is not effectively used to learn the kanji.

For that, At the end of the signle word test flashcard I should be able to see a button to see the story of kanji word which I was trying to learn. Looking the story of that kanji is kind of optional but according to me it will be very powerful tool to remember the kanji word.
a. Once I click the story option I should be shown the entire group of kanji inside the story database. I want to remember the kanji with the memories of it's entire group. Please see attached image with which how I showed the story of kanji characters in my excel app.
b. Currently I have intermediate sheet which first split the kanji word and then show the story for individual kanji character. The UI and linking of this part is upto you. I will review it later.





I want some new updates in the app. 

My SRS test have 3 sections. And in those I want the to see the question word in different styles for kanji which  I don't know (marking 5), difficult to use in daily pronunciation (marking 4), difficult to write (marking 3). Or any marking level.



















Don't need to generate any code as of now. Just remember the next new 3 features I want to add in my app. You can give suggestions related to these


1.Want the n words random study mode (I will set the n value to study words). I should have option of japanese level, or all level mixed before starting the study mode. This study mode will have 3 types of random flashcards.
a. guess the kanji from hiragana and check correct or wrong based on the answer I have in my mind. (I will choose the correct or incorrect).
b. guess the hiragana from kanji and meaning
c. guess the meaning from the kanji and hiragana


2. New section to display words groupwise
Can I generate a section to display words with similar meaning, similar hiragana, similar kanji words, almost similar meaning words side by side as remembering them will be easier by reading in this way.




3. Story section
Want to add the story section inside the app. Just remember this is the special section of the app. It is there to teach how the kanjies got their meaning.

First of all let me teach you how it is being generated before generating any code.












So the thing is everytime I search for any kanji. You have to show the entire block having those kanji, their meaning and story.

This is the way I will visually remember the kanji.